STORYLINE QUESTS
________________

WELCOME TO THE GREEN ZONE
    This Moyle guy wants my help getting something he left in the caves. He'd get his son to do it but it looks like that
    dude has... rather a lot on his hands, let me put it that way. Shouldn't be that hard. What could go wrong?
    - Find MOYLE'S SATCHEL
    - Bring the satchel back to Moyle
    
    NOTE: Battle tutorial occurs when:
    - Martin enters the cave at the end of the wall.
    - Martin arrives back at Moyle's Mill
    
    REWARD: None. This is busywork.

AN ADVENTURE BEGINS
    Requirements: WELCOME TO THE GREEN ZONE
    Moyle and his family treated me to dinner last night, which was nice, except that one of them had a book or something, and...
    and I was in it. There was a picture of me in the ancient book. I'm not sure what that means. Not much was said after that.
    But apparently, Moyle wants me to go see this guy he knows. He says I should go through the old mines and tunnels, because it's
    fastest.
    - Go through the old mines to get to the HUB.
    - Meet Charlie cat for the first time in the tunnels.
    - Rescue Laurie from the tree. He joins you. Your first party member!
    - Go to Yarnberg, talk to Gregory.
    
    REWARD: Laurie joins your party.

RED TAPE
    Requirements: AN ADVENTURE BEGINS
    Gregory doesn't seem to trust me very much, but he says he's happy to help me - just as long as I help him first. He wants me
    to do some things for him; things nobody else has managed to do. If I can do it; he'll beleive I'm really The Swamper of
    legend everyone talks about; the one who'll save the world, and restore peace to the other zones. And then I assume they'll   
    finally let me go see that King guy everyone's talking about.
    
    Problem is, these tasks don't look that easy. He wants me to:
    - Find out what's going on at the new mines, and why miners keep disappearing.
    - Eradicate the bandit camp in Angadare Forest
    - Recover stolen generator coils from a runaway convict (It's kind of my fault he escaped...)
    
    - Kill the Super Mutant deep inside the New Mines
    - Find the bandit camp in Angadare Forest. Take on the bandits and win.
    - Find Bottleneck Joe and beat him in battle (he uses attacks involving the generator coils)

    REWARD: You are allowed to cross Molly Bridge and see king, ending the demo. Charlie cat will also join you; he is immensely
    powerful in battle and is the first of 3 cat companions you aquire.


OPTIONAL QUESTS
_______________

WITCH!
    REQUIREMENTS: AN ADVENTURE BEGINS
    There's this girl I found in Yarnberg. She seemed pretty broken, and she looked kind of haggard too. Lola, or something. She
    told me about a Witch in the forest, and gave me this rusty key. I guess it's a job for The Swamper of legend.
    - Find the witch in the forest and beat her in battle to recover LOLA'S PRIZED POSESSION
    
    REWARD: Lola joins your group. She cannot use weapons, but wields powerful melee attacks.

BANDIT PATROL
    REQUIREMENTS: AN ADVENTURE BEGINS
    That overseer I met before has a request for me. He says if I do this for him, not only will he let me off for the trouble I
    caused this morning (I maintain that this was more his fault than mine) but also give me something a little more hard hitting
    to wield. I can go with that.
    
    Operation destroy all bandits is go.
    - Find and beat all of the bandits in the area in battle, triggering every random event.
    
    REWARD: Get the Monkey Wrench (offensive battle equipment for swampers)

WINDMILL WARFARE
    REQUIREMENTS: RED TAPE
    I popped by to say goodbye to Moyle. Turns out he still hasn't managed to jump the creek, but I'm not surprised, with that
    technique of his.
    He wants me to do it. I don't want to, but I guess I owe him.
    - Jump the creek on a motorcycle
    
    NOTE: This is a minigame (see below)
    
    REWARD: After Martin jumps the creek, Moyle gains the respect of his peers. As a reward, Martin is given MR-TWEEN - a secret
    peice of offensive equipment for swampers that can hit multiple enemies at once with the power of a normal attack.


MINIGAMES
_________

CREEK JUMPING
    Pretty simple - mash buttons to jump the creek on a motorcycle. If you fail, you take some damage.
    
WIRING PUZZLE
    Mandatory minigame in the New Mines.

MAZE OF DOORS
    Played during the WITCH! quest. Find your way though a maze by following the music.
    
RIVER CROSSING
    Play crossy river to get to the island behind the temple.